How do I get a vaccine?
What is the update on the Johnson & Johnson's Janssen COVID-19 Vaccine?
Can I choose which COVID-19 vaccine I get?
What are the most common side effects after getting a COVID-19 vaccine?
If I am pregnant, can I get a COVID-19 vaccine?
How long does protection from a COVID-19 vaccine last?
Do I need to wear a mask and avoid close contact with others if I have gotten 2 doses of the vaccine?
If I have already had COVID-19 and recovered, do I still need to get vaccinated with a COVID-19 vaccine?
What are the ingredients in COVID-19 vaccines?
Who is paying for the COVID-19 vaccines?
How many doses of COVID-19 vaccine will I need to get?
If I have an underlying condition, can I get a COVID-19 vaccine?
Can I get vaccinated against COVID-19 while I am currently sick with COVID-19?
How are COVID-19 vaccines authorized and approved for use?
How are vaccines tested for safety?
How do vaccines get approved or authorized?
Did the clinical trials include people like me?
How were these vaccines made so quickly?
How do COVID-19 vaccines keep us safe?
How do these vaccines protect me?
Why should I get vaccinated?
How long does a COVID-19 vaccine last?
What if I have an underlying health condition?
Why is there more than one type of COVID-19 vaccine?
What types of vaccines are there?
How well do they work?
What are the differences in the vaccines?
Are mRNA vaccines safe?
What if I got the Johnson and Johnson vaccine?
How do I get vaccinated against COVID-19?
When can I get vaccinated?
What type of vaccine will I get?
How much does it cost?
Do I need 1 shot or 2 shots?
Do I have to show proof of citizenship to get a vaccine?
What’s it like to get vaccinated against COVID-19?
How will I feel afterwards?
Could I have an allergic reaction?
Do I still have to wear a mask?
Do vaccines protect against new variants that have surfaced in the US?
What should I know about vaccines and pregnancy?
Should I get vaccinated if I’ve already had COVID-19?
What can I do when I’m fully vaccinated?
